Chore(Konnect): Add table for compatibility statuses (#5586)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/data-plane-version-compatibility.md

    url: /konnect-platform/compatibility/
---

We recommend running one major version (2.x or 3.x) of a data plane node per control plane, unless you are in the middle of version upgrades to the data plane.

If you mix major data plane node versions, the control plane will support the least common subset of configurations across all the versions connected to the {{site.konnect_short_name}} control plane.
For example, if you are running 2.8.1.3 on one data plane node and 3.0.0.0 on another, the control plane will only push configurations that can be used by the 2.8.1.3 data plane node.

If you experience compatibility errors, [upgrade your data plane nodes](/gateway/data-plane-reference/#upgrade-data-planes) to match the version of the highest-versioned data plane node in your control plane.

## Compatibility status

> {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Manager displays a **Compatibility status** badge for each data plane node. To see it, go to **Gateway Manager**, select a control plane, and open the **Data plane nodes** tab. The **Compatibility status** column shows one of the following statuses:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Manager displays a **Compatibility status** badge for each data plane node. 
To see it, go to **API Gateway**, select a control plane, and click the **Data plane nodes** tab. 
The **Compatibility status** column shows one of the following statuses:
```

> {{site.konnect_short_name}} Gateway Manager displays a **Compatibility status** badge for each data plane node. To see it, go to **Gateway Manager**, select a control plane, and open the **Data plane Nodes** list page. The **Compatibility status** column shows one of the following statuses:

Author: Close but not quite
